---
title: "QuickPic Q&A"
date: 2014-12-15 09:41:57+08:00 
layout: post
---

If your question(s) can't be solved, please contact us。


- **Contact**
 	> - Email: [nanling.z@gmail.com](mailto:nanling.z@gmail.com)
 	> - Community: [Google+](https://plus.google.com/communities/108111396258376510219)

General
---
---
	
- **Where is menu button**
 	> - It's the button at the top right corner of screen by default.
 	> - If you have checked `Split action bar` in `Settings` -> `General`, the menu button is the button at bottom right corner of screen.

- **How to multi select, enter Multi-select-mode**- 
 	> - Option 1: Long press picture or folder.
 	> - Option 2: Click multi-select icon in action bar.
 	
- **unknown error (code 14):Could not open database**
 	> - Reboot your device and reinstall QuickPic。If no ok, uninstall and reboot then install again。
 	
- **Fail to move/edit/delete pictures**
 	> - Go to `Settings`-> `About Phone` -> `Android Version` and check if your device is `Android 4.4`。`No apps from Play Store can modify the external SD card in KitKat (Android 4.4), this is Google's limitation`
 	
- **Fail to set loack screen's wallpaper**
 	> - Can't set lock screen's wallpaper because of manufacturer's private interface.
 	
- **How to selecet all**
 	> - Option 1: In multi-select mode, click menu button and choose `Select all`.
 	> - Option 2: In multi-select mode, click the num of pictures at the top left corner.
 	
- **How to deselect all**
 	> - Option 1: Click menu button and choose `Deselect all`
 	> - Option 2: Click the num of pictures at the top left corner。
 
- **How to change theme**
 	> - Goto `Settings` -> `General` -> `Background theme`, choose your favourite theme
 	
- **How to clear cache**
 	> - Goto `Settings` -> `Cache`, click `Clear previews cache` and `Clear thumbnails cache`

- **How to change slideshow animation**
	> - Goto `Settings` -> `Slideshow` -> `Transition animation`, choose your favourite animation
 	
- **How to fix modification date**
 	> - Click `menu` and choose `Details` then click `FIX DATE`
 	
- **How to batch fix modification date**
 	> - Click the folder that you want to fix date then click `menu` button and choose `Fix date`
 	
- **What can i do when sort by date is not accurate**
 	> - You can `Fix date` to correct the modification date, then the sort will be ok
 	
- **Why the backgound of status bar is dark gray when current theme is light**
 	> - That's because all the notification icon in status bar is white.
 	
- **How to continuous select pictures**
 	> - If you want to continuous select several pictures, for example the 5th to 8th, you can long press 5th picture and then long press 8th picture, then the 5th/6th/7th/8th picture will be selected. 		
- **Will QuickPic collect my privacy?**
 	> - QuickPic will never collect your privacy and we'll never ask for unnecessary permissions.QuickPic is free and clean. 
 	
- **My device screen is too small to show the whole title**
 	> - You can check `Split action bar` in `Settings` -> `General` then all the action button on top will be shown on bottom.
 
- **How to hide the status bar**
 	> - Check `Hide the top status bar` in `Settings` -> `Browser`, Status bar will dismiss when you back to home page.

- **Why there exists ad bar (or contains viruses) in QuickPic**
 	> - QuickPic does not contains ad bar and viruses, please make sure you have installed QuickPic by  google play or our [website](http://alensw.com).
 	
- **How to share picture to other device**
 	> - Option 1: you can use `WiFi Transfer` which is 10x faster then bluetooth.
 	> - Option 2: click share button on action bar and choose your favourite when viewing an picture.
 	> - Option 3: NFC is supported by QuickPic, just touch other device by back.
 	
- **Why the screen is always blinking on my device**
 	> - This issues has been fixed.Please update to the latest version.

Picture
---
---
  
- **How to zoom in/out**
 	> - Option 1: pinch by you fingers
 	> - Option 2: click zoom button at bottom
 	> - Option 3: double click twice(make sure your finger has not stay away from he screen the last time you click) and swipe up/down to zoom in/out.
 	
- **How to rotate picture, why it is not saved**
 	> - Option 1: roating your finger.Picture will not be saved while viewing.
 	> - Option 2: click menu button and choose `Rotate`.Then you can choose will degree you want to rotate.Only `jpg` and `jpeg` can be saved while viewing.
	
- **How to edit picture or edited by using other apps**
 	> - Click menu while viewing picture, choose `Edit` in the action sheet. Then all apps which you can use to edit picture will be pop up.Choose you favourite app to edit.
 	
- **How to set wallpaper**
 	> - Click menu while viewing picture, choose `Set as` in the action sheet.Then all apps which you can use to set wallpaper will be pop up.Choose you favourite app to set wall paper.Currently set lock screen wallpaper is not supported because of manufacturer's private interface.
 	
- **How to share picture**
 	> - Click `share` button in action bar then the popup window will be shown which contains 5 most used shortcut and `More`.This 5 shortcut is decided by your using count.When you click `More`,the new window will not contain the previous 5 shortcut.You can share via `WiFi Transfer` / Bluetootn and so on.

- **How to batch send or share pictures**
 	> - Select several pictures in multi-select mode by long press a picture then click `Share` button to share

- **How to deleted picture**
 	> - Click `Delete` buton(Trash icon) in action bar and confirm, the picture will be deleted.

- **How to batch delete picture**
	> - Entering multi-select mode by long press picture, then click `Delete` button. 
 	
- **How to move(copy) picture**
	> - Cick `menu` then choose `Move to`(or `Copy to`)，then choose your target folder(or click (***+***) to choose in file browser mode)
	
- **How to batch move(copy) picture**
 	> - Long press an image to enter multi-select mode and select pictures then click menu -> choose `Move to`, then select the folder which you want to move to.

- **How to play sideshow**
	> - click a folder to enter the image list page, then click `slide show` button in action bar.It will play automatically.
 	
- **How to rename a picture**
	> - Click menu and choose `Rename`, then enter you new name and save.
 	
- **How to batch rename a picture**
	> - Long press a picture in picture list page and choose severial pcitures.After that, click `Menu` button and choose `Rename` then rename by tips.`%Y=Year %M=Month %D=Day %h=Hour %m=Minute %s=Second bases on every pictures's modification date`
	
- **How to view exif detail of a picture**
	> - Click `Menu` button and choose `Details`, EXIF details will be shown in the column called `EXIF` if this picture contains EXIF detail.

- **How to change window backgroud when viewing picture**
	> - Background will be changed by change theme.White backgroud for `Light` theme.
	> - You can check `Auto black backgroud` in `Settings` -> `General`.When viewing in full screen mode, the backgroud will be black.

- **How to view small picture in original size**
 	> - Double click twice, small picture will be shown by it's original size.

Folder
---
---

- **How to rename folder**
	> - Option 1: long press a folder, then click `menu` and choose `Rename`, Enter new name and save.
	> - Option 2: click a folder to enter picture list page, then click `menu` and choose `Rename`, Enter new name and save.

- **How to change folder cover**
	> - long press a folder then click `menu` and choose `Change cover`.After that a action sheet will  pop up with 2 options:`Select` and `Default`.`Select` means you can choose a picture as cover. `Default` means cover will change by the contains, it always is the first picture in your folder.

- **how to delete (batch delete) folder(s)**
  	> - Long press a folder to eneter into multi-select mode, choose folder(s) you want to delete.After that, click `Delete` button and confirm, you folder(s) will be deleted.
  	
- **How to hide folder ?**
	> - When you hide a folder all audios/videos/pictures in it and its sub-folder will be hidden.If you just want to invisible in QuickPic please use `Exclude`.
	> - Option 1: long press a folder, then click `menu` and choose `Hide`, then confirm.This folder will be hidden.
	> - Option 2: click a folder to enter into picture list page, , then click `menu` and choose `Hide`, then confirm.This folder will be hidden.
  	
- **How to show hidden folder**
  	> - Choose `Shown hidden` after click `menu` all hidden folders will be shown. If you don't want to shown hidden, you can choose `Hide hidden` after click `menu` all hidden folders will dismiss.	
- **How to cancel after hide a folder ?**
  	> - Choose `Shown hidden` after click `menu`, find and click the folder to enter into picture list page, then click `menu` and choose `Unhide`, then confirm.This folder will be shown.
  	
- **Why I can't hide folder?**
	> - `Root dir(root of sd)` and `Camera` can't be hidden.
 	
- **How to just show specify folder(s)?**
	> - Goto `Settings` -> `Browse` -> `Included folders` click `Add` button to add folder.
	> - After that, QuickPic will only show picture in included folders(Pictures in sub-folder will also be shown).Click **X** at the right of every folder you can remove that folder.

- **How to Exclude folder(not hidden)?**
	> All exclueded folders(sub-folder is included) will not be shown even if you choose `Show Hidden`.
	> - Option 1: long press a folder to enter multi-select mode, after folder has been chosen, click `menu` and choose `Exclude`.
	> - Option 2: Goto `Settings` -> `Browse` -> `Excluded folders` click `Add` button to add folder.Click **X** at the right of every folder you can remove that folder.
  	
- **Why other folder dismiss after exclude a folder**
 	> - Sub-folder in the excluded folder won't be shown.
 	
- **Is there existing confliction bewteen inclued folder and excluded folders**
	> - If you've inclided and excluede the same folder, the later action will  take effect.
	> - If one folder is a sub-folder of the other folder, the sub-folder will take effect.

- **How to open folder from desktop**
 	> - Click to enter into a folder ,then click `menu` choose `Link to desktop`.Back to your desktop then you will find a shortcut of your folder
 	
- **Will the icon of shortcut change when link to deaktop?**
 	> - icon will not change regardless of the cover of the folder changes or not.
 	
Cloud drive
---
---

- **How to add cloud drive**
	> - Clicking top left in home page or swipe from left side to right, cloud drive sheet will come out. click `+ Add`, then choose you favourite to add.After authorization, cloud drive will be added successful.
 
- **Can I add multi account of a same cloud drive**
 	> - Multi account is supported, But when you add same account of same cloud drive, it'll only show one.
 
- **How to remove cloud drive**
	> - remove cloud drive will not delete any picture(file) in it.
	> - Clicking top left in home page or swipe from left side to right, cloud drive sheet will come out.Long press the account and choose `Delete`. 	
- **How to include or exclude folders of my drive**
 	> - Clicking top left in home page or swipe from left side to right, cloud drive sheet will come out.Long press the account and choose `Included folders`, then you can choose which folder to show. 

- **How to avoid swipe out the cloud drive sheet when viewing picture?**
 	> - Single click picture to enter into full screen mode than cloud drive sheet will not show out.
 	
- **Why i can't view all pictures in my accout**
 	> - For some limitation of some drive, QuickPic can only show specify folders.No access to other files and folders.
 	
- **How to upload to my accout?**
	> - Clicking top left in home page or swipe from left side to right, cloud drive sheet will come out.Enter into your accout, then click `upload` button.

Security
---
---

- **How to set access password for view hidden folder/cloud drive or delete files**
	> - Go to `Settings` -> `Security` and check `Access by password`.Then set password.
	> - You can multi-check `Hidden folders` / `Cloud drive` / `Delete`

- **How to get password back if i lost it**
 	> - Reinstall QuickPic or clear data of QuickPic in `System Settings`
 
 
WiFi Transfer
---
---

- **What is WiFi Transfer ？**
	> - By using `WiFi Transfer`, you can transfer files between different device without access internet.Compared with `Bluetooth`, `WiFi Transfer` is 10x or more faster.Make sure devices are using the same wife.
	
- **How to use WiFi Transfer？**
	> - First of all, you must make sure the receiver device is in `WiFi Transfer Page`: Clicking top left in home page or swipe from left side to right, cloud drive sheet will come out then click `WiFi Transfer`.
	> - Sender device can use the same way to enter into `WiFi Transfer Page`, then click `+` to choose file; Or long press pictures then swipe from left side to right and click `WiFi Transfer`.
	> - Choose receiver device. File will transfer.
 	
- **How to use WiFi Transfer in other app**
 	> - Choose file(not only picture or video, all kind of file is ok), then find `Share` in this app,  choose `WiFi Transfer`.
 	
- **How to rename my WiFi Transfer**
 	> - In `WiFi Transfer Page`, click `menu` and choose `Rename`, then input new name.Device name will change after save.
 	
- **How to use WiFi Transfer without wifi hotspot**
	> - When no wifi hotspot, you can build one by your own device.After other device connect your hotspot you can use WiFi Transfer. `TIPS`: will not use your mobile data stream.
	> - In `WiFi Transfer Page`， click `Details` (in green color), then click `Enable WiFi hotspot`.Your system hotspot settings will come out then you can build a hotspot.
 	

- **How to open WiFi Transfer from desktop**
 	> - Click `menu` button and choose `Link to desktop`. Then there will exists a `WiFi Transfer` shortcut.You can click this shortcut to enter `WiFi Transfer pager`.